hello to all dear friends with you vova and
today I'll show you how to do
little robot for that to us
you need these details
first we take just such a double with
pimp 1 and put it on
detail cone shape
this is our body
bottom put two Circuits like one
such here we put the columns then we take
Here are such small round Circuits
and put them on the bottom but here we are ready
legs with it and take the next step
Here is such a detail
we put it on top of this cone we
it turns out such a construction
take one more detail she's like this
looks like for clinging take two
These Circuits put them with two feet
We take at first such details too
plump and paste them in here
so here and so we do on the second
hand we have two here
hands take parts and insert them
1 and 2
that's happened in our body
hands and feet i will make do only
head again take the same cone
put it on top of the parts
put on top
luminous pimpochka and all this is closed
flat square and here we have
It turned out a mini robot thanks for all
view put likes leave
comments and all bye